[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
horror film pitch black
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
someday in the far future the spaceship
hunter gratzner
is heading to its destination with
passengers in cryostasis
while traveling in deep space the ship's
hit by some unexpected debris
all of a sudden the captain gets killed
unfortunately
with only two crew members surviving
they find the ship is sent off its
original course due to the accident
running of control and falling to an
unknown planet
laura decides to abandon all the ship's
cargos in order to slow down its speed
and land it safely on the nearby planet
but it doesn't do much help to reduce
the weight
noticing that the ship still at the risk
of crashing laura with no better choice
attempts to dump the passenger
compartments which would result in
killing almost
all the passengers but right then the
pilot guy stops her insane plan
after a long violent vibration caused by
the crash
the ship ends up landing on a wild
planet with several compartments
destroyed
and a few passengers killed the pilot
guy is fatally injured by a steel
piercing through his body
and dies soon beside laura some people
come to thank laura for saving their
lives
which however embarrasses laura greatly
meanwhile a notorious criminal also
survives the crash
despite his being confined firmly to the
chair he manages to free himself during
the crash
noticing the escorted criminal has
escaped the police officer warns
everybody of the dangerous criminal dick
who was a killing machine and
responsible for many dead lives
to those survivors their priority is to
learn how to survive on this wild planet
which has three sons orbiting overhead
right now what they should really care
about are the food and water
rather than the missing prisoner with
that thorn in mind
people are subsequently divided into two
teams
one team stays behind keeping guard of
the shipwreck
and burying the dead while the other
goes to search the nearby area for water
resources
the water team keeps searching until
they notice some tree-like plants in the
far distance
however as they approach near they only
find a huge graveyard
covered all over with remains of dead
animals
not knowing what exactly happened on
this land the team continues their
search
until they reach an abandoned checkpoint
where they find not only some machine
used to make water
but also a plane that seems still
working
meanwhile the other team finds a cave
while digging the ground to bury the
dead
driven by his curiosity a man goes to
check it out
but is soon dragged into the cave by
some unknown living creature inside
everybody is freaked out by his
screaming a girl gets there to check the
man
but only sees the blood spilling
everywhere
the girl encounters the criminal dick
later but suffers no harm from him
the police officer however later traps
down dick
and takes control of him by removing his
sunglass
making him unable to make any resistance
under the strong sunlight
later laura happens to know dick gets a
pair of shining eyes
which is believed to result from the
dark imprisonment he suffered for a long
time
while being challenged for what happens
to the man missing inside the cave
he only claims that he did not kill the
man but instead
he warns laura of something more
horrible than a prisoner hidden on such
a wild planet
with a rope binding her back for safety
laura goes into the cave to have a check
moments later she's horrified to find
the bloody legs of the poor man
what's worse the cave is haunted by some
terrible creatures who hide in the dark
and wait for their targets sensing the
danger laura struggles and tries to
escape the dark cave
however the creatures drag the rope and
come chasing her
flora screams out and makes herself
heard by a little boy
fortunately she's saved by the group in
a joint effort
learning that some mysterious and
dangerous monsters may inhabit this
planet
the officer comes for dick and asks for
his help in exchange for his freedom
as expected dick takes the decent offer
people take some tools and go to the
checkpoint but only find
everybody there have been killed by the
monsters later as a little boy is
missing
they spread out to search immediately
but only see his bloody dead body
however with a basement spotted out and
more dead bodies found deep at its
bottom
they get to notice that these monsters
due to the fear of sunlight
hide in the dark and hunt the living
targets because of that the group
changes the strategy
and takes action only in the daytime
meanwhile after conducting some research
on the samples
laura figures out an eclipse would occur
every 22 years on this wild planet
when a giant visiting planet would
completely block the sunlight
that would be the last moment the group
would like to see since the eclipse
would set free all the monsters hidden
in the dark
the group becomes more anxious while
learning that the next eclipse will
happen soon
based on the record they realize that
they have to flee the goddamn place as
quickly as possible
with that born in mind the group plans
to retrieve the battery from the crashed
spaceship
hoping to get enough power to start the
plane found at the checkpoint
before their departure laura learns that
the officer is actually a bounty hunter
who takes dick just for money despite
her anger in the officer's lies
laura has to let that go first for she
knows the group's top priority right now
later in a joint effort the group
transports the batteries piece by piece
however before all the batteries can be
retrieved they're astonished to find
that the eclipse is happening
with sunlight blocked up gradually
flocks of alien creatures are swarming
out of their cave
and ready to launch their attacks
without a better choice
the group has to retreat to the cargo
compartments for shelter
however dick and a girl are left behind
dick lies on the ground
staying still and thus surviving the
attacks the girl however
is torn into pieces while running in a
panic
what's worse by the time the planet is
submerged into total darkness
the real scary monsters show up in group
from the dark hell
only during that time people realize
that it's not that safe to stay in the
compartment
for the next second one man of them is
taken and killed by the coming monster
knowing that there's no safe place to
hide they decide to take all the
remaining batteries to the checkpoint
they even carry the light belts to
prevent themselves from the attack
in that way they remain safe and cover a
long distance through the darkness
however a guy makes a mistake not long
after that
and causes a power outage to the light
belt suddenly
while silent in the dark one guy lights
up the night with some liquor
but is terrified to find the scary
monsters approach near
and immediately take himself away with a
liquor torch the rest continues to
struggle their way through the danger
while the creatures keep following them
tightly dick figures out something may
go wrong
possibly because the monsters can smell
their blood in the crowd
in fact a girl is bleeding during her
menstruation
considering the girl a burden to the
whole team the officer demands dick to
kill the girl
dick doesn't follow his order this time
but instead he cuts open the officer's
vest
causing him to bleed and lose his life
to the bloodthirsty and rampaging
creatures
the rest is horrified by the killing and
runs for their lives
in a great panic during the following
chaos unfortunately
the coming rain nearly puts out the
torch fire
the team loses another man to the
monsters
right at that critical moment dick
instructs the remaining three to hide in
a cave
while he races to the checkpoint alone
carrying those batteries
thanks to his shining eyes he
successfully makes his way to the plane
and gets the batteries mounted up while
he closes the gate
and gets ready for departure alone laura
shows up and begs him to take the people
left in the cave
despite dick surprised by those
survivors who struggle to stay alive
from attack
by keeping shining bugs in the bottle he
tells laura to fly away with him
and don't go back to find them laura
however insists on taking them back for
she's unwilling to sacrifice others just
for her own life
dick is deeply moved by laura he then
returns to the cave
and saves the other two real quick later
however
when the remaining three reach the
checkpoint safely they only find that
dick is missing
believing that dick must be stuck in the
way laura heads to save him without any
hesitation
she manages to carry the injured hormone
guy back to the plane
however through everybody's shock laura
sacrifices herself to earn the more
escape time
by cutting herself to bleed on purpose
resulting in her being
taken by the coming alien creatures in
regret of the loss of a perfect target
for six and nine hormone game in the
narrow plane
dixon rage and fires the plane engine
violently
to bury tons of monsters as revenge for
laura before leaving the goddamn planet
and searching for humanity and
hormonally in deep space
this is daniel cc movie channel bye